workers: fix typo (#16220)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workflows/build/rules-of-workflows.mdx

---
title: Rules of Workflows
pcx_content_type: concept
sidebar:
  order: 10
---

> A Workflow contains one or more steps. Each step is a self-contained, individually retriable component of a Workflow. Steps may emit (optional) state that allows a Workflow to persist and continue from that step, even if a Workflow fails due to a network or infrastructure issue.

Reviewer: Can we add a quick note here stating that dynamically naming your step will cause it to never get cached? (e.g. `my-step-{Date.now()}`)

This is a small guidebook on how to build more resilient and correct Workflows.

> ### Ensure API/Binding calls are idempotent

Author: Is not `Binding` a proper noun, since it's a Cloudflare concept?

> ### Ensure API/Binding calls are idempotent

Reviewer 2: It seems that in other docs, we've not used it as a proper noun. I'll note this for future discussion with the team

Because a step might be retried multiple times, your steps should (ideally) be idempotent. For context, idempotency is a logical property where the operation (in this case a step),
can be applied multiple times without changing the result beyond the intial application.

As an example, let's assume you have a Workflow that charges your customers and you really don't want to charge them twice by accident, before charging them, you should
check if they were already charged:

```ts

> export class MyWorkflow extends WorkflowEntrypoint {

Author: I don't think we need to show this on every example because not every user will pass in a type param.

			return await fetch(`https://http.cat/${httpCat}`);
		});
	}
}
```

Otherwise your entire workflow might not be as durable as you might think, and encounter into some undefined behaviour and you can avoid them by:

- 🔴 Do not encapsulate your entire logic in one single step.
- 🔴 Do not call seperate services in the same step (unless you need it to prove idempotency)
- 🔴 Do not make too many service calls in the same step (unless you need it to prove idempotency)
- 🔴 Do not do too much CPU-intensive work inside of a single step - sometimes engine might have to restart and it will start over from that step.

```ts
export class MyWorkflow extends WorkflowEntrypoint {
	async run(event: WorkflowEvent, step: WorkflowStep) {
		// 🔴 Bad: you're calling two seperate services from within the same step. This might cause
		// some extra calls to the first service in case the second one fails, and in some cases, makes
		// the step non-idempotent altogether
		const image = await step.do("get cutest cat from KV", async () => {
			const httpCat = await env.KV.get("cutest-http-cat");
			return fetch(`https://http.cat/${httpCat}`);
		});
	}
}
```

> ### Don't rely on state outside of a step

Author: ```suggestion
### Do not rely on state outside of a step
```

Workflows may hibernate and lose all in-memory state. This will happen when engine detects that there's no pending work and can hibernate until it needs to wake-up (because of a sleep, retry or event).

> This means that you should not store state outside of a step:

Author: Just `state` (as a noun) here - "storing state" or "persisting state"
